The second, my son
Above sin
I, Wang Chongyang, don't worry because you are at odds
It's your turn next.
Okay, your neighbor doesn't say that you beat your own teacher
Killing innocent people on such an important occasion
This teacher will definitely let you go to prison in the next life
What is my responsibility?
He Wang Zhongqi relied on himself to have a father of the general army
No king's law
Robbing people's girls is all evil
What's wrong with me killing him?
you
You you what you
I also want to ask you a question
He Wang Chongyang wolf ambition to take troops and rebel, you don't care
I killed a lobster scourge and you want to punish me
What do you want?
You have followed five husbands
Know what?
The head of state of Longxia has been detained by sages since ancient times
Now the Fuhrer does nothing
On the other hand, Wang Zongjun
Superior providence obeys the hearts of the people
It is completely able to lead us to continue the glory of Longxia World
Is there a problem with this teacher's endorsement of him as the new master?
I didn't expect that even the Imperial Preceptor would support the Wang family
Now the lobster is really going to change
Lin Tze, although you are backed by the First Army of the World
But in the face of the imperial teacher who is in power
You are just a pawn
Surrender or surrender
There is a national teacher to support us
See how you fight us
It's early to say
Can I understand as
As long as it doesn't affect your position as a national teacher
The position of the head of state is the same for everyone
Nonsense
A generation of celestial dynasty has run out of gas
Changing dynasties is a law of nature
Do you want to go against the sky?
He Wang Chongyang usurped the country and became independent
And I hold the Führer accountable
But your predecessor was the Imperial Preceptor of Longxia
Founding Pioneer
Inverted black and white in the middle
It seems that you have colluded in private
Conspiracy
Ling Jiayu
You deceive people
I sue you for slander
It seems that I was told to steal the teaching and obey the order of His Highness